feat(client): Use node ID as partition key in metrics publishing (#2468)
streamr-dev/network: CHANGELOG.md

#### Added

> - Metrics stream messages contain the node ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add node ID to metrics messages
```

#### Changed

> - The partition of the metrics streams is calculated from the node ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the way in which the partition of the metrics stream is calculated (based on node ID)
```
